---
layout: post
author: Pep Turró Mauri
description: A summary of KubeVirt related activities during KubeCon + CloudNativeCon North America 2019 in San Diego
navbar_active: Blogs
category: news
comments: true
title: KubeVirt at KubeCon + CloudNativeCon North America
pub-date: November 12
pub-year: 2019
tags: [KubeCon, cloudnativecon, America, conference, talk, gathering]
---

The [KubeCon + CloudNativeCon North America 2019](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/events/kubecon-cloudnativecon-north-america-2019/)
conference is next week in San Diego, California.

KubeVirt will have a presence at the event and this post highlights some
activities that will have a KubeVirt focus there.

### Sessions

There are two sessions covering KubeVirt specifically:

- On Tuesday at 2:25 PM Chandrakanth Jakkidi and Steve Gordon will present an
  [introduction to KubeVirt](https://sched.co/VyBC) that will cover the
  background of the project, its motivation and use cases, and an architectural
  overview and demo.

- On Wednesday at 10:55 AM David Vossel and Vishesh Tanksale will take a deep-dive
  on [virtualized GPU workloads on KubeVirt](https://sched.co/VnjX) where they
  will show KubeVirt's capabilities around host device passthrough using NVIDIA
  GPU workloads as a case study.

### Users and Contributors gathering

KubeVirt users and contributors will get together to talk about KubeVirt,
brainstorm ideas to help us shape the project’s next steps, and generally get
some face to face time.

If you are already using or contributing to KubeVirt, you are considering to try
it, or just want to present your use case and discuss KubeVirt's fit or needs
we'd be very glad to meet you there.

Red Hat is sponsoring a venue for the meetup right next to the conference's
venue. Space is limited, so we are asking people to [register in
advance](https://kubevirt-kubecon19na.eventbrite.com).

### Demos

KubeVirt will also be featured in a couple of demos at the Red Hat booth in
the exposition hall. You can find the demo schedule at their event landing page.

### Keeping in touch

Follow [@kubevirt](https://twitter.com/kubevirt) on Twitter for updates.

We look forward to seeing you at KubeCon + CloudNativeCon!
